V2 (#85)
YunoHost-Apps/outline_ynh: doc/PRE_INSTALL.md

> ### Known limitations
> 
> 1. The app can now run in the CI server and reach level 8. However, it is still very young and not broadly tested. **Please use it with extreme care if it's on a prod server**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Known limitations

1. This app is still young and not broadly tested. **Please use it with extreme care if it's on a prod server**
```

2. The app requires [Dex app](https://github.com/YunoHost-apps/dex_ynh) to be installed (Dex installation and setup is automatic, though)
3. The app is requiring two domains including one fully dedicated (one for Dex, one for Outline)

> 4. ARM architectures are not yet supported (But it should be achievable soon)
> 5. Because it's built from sources, the app requires an important amount of RAM, disk and time to install properly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Because it's built from sources, the app requires an important amount of RAM, disk and time to install properly
```
